---
title: Overview
author: Guillem EfeGe
date: 2025-08-27
category: Overview
layout: post
---


----
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9qmPDM7xQAM?si=oqXhViEguz5fLtAQ" title="Booster Skills Overview" frameborder="0" style="display:block;margin:auto" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
----

## 🚀 CPU

### Task Manager

We all spend most of our time sitting in front of a computer writing things such as computer programs, reports, or emails, and this sometimes makes us believe we are as powerful or as strict as a machine, but we are not. We possess excellent skills, but we need to identify which skills we have and how to utilize them effectively. This chapter lays the groundwork you need to understand grasping the rest of the techniques described in this book.

### RAM

It is one of the most important resources you have, your memory. Your memory can be very helpful or a nightmare. When not used correctly, your memory is like a heavy weight on your shoulders, trying to maintain more information than you should. You can learn what to add to your memory and how to incorporate it so that it will last and be accessible when needed. If you utilize your memory effectively, it can be an invaluable asset to enhance your daily work.

### Process Organization

Now that you know your memory is not infinite and how to utilize it effectively, you must organize your work accordingly. The first tool you need in your toolbox is to organize and manage your daily tasks efficiently. You can't do what you need to do if you don't know what to do. This chapter will discuss various techniques for organizing and planning your days.

### Content Loading

## 🚀 LAN

### Team Building

### Network Building

### Communication

### Present Your Ideas

### Spread your Experience

## 🚀 WAN

### Create Your Identity

### Show yourself to the World

### Negotiate